master/5.0: bump version and links to v5.0.0 (#5533) (#5560)
pingcap/docs: maintain-tidb-using-tiup.md

    **Use `.` to represent the hierarchy of the configuration items**.

>     For more information on the configuration parameters of components, refer to [TiDB `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/config/config.toml.example), [TiKV `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/etc/config-template.toml), and [PD `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/master/conf/config.toml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information on the configuration parameters of components, refer to [TiDB `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-5.0/config/config.toml.example), [TiKV `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/release-5.0/etc/config-template.toml), and [PD `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/release-5.0/conf/config.toml).
```

### Example

> If you want to set the transaction size limit parameter (`txn-total-size-limit` in the [performance](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/config/config.toml.example) module) to `1G` in tidb-server, edit the configuration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set the transaction size limit parameter (`txn-total-size-limit` in the [performance](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-5.0/config/config.toml.example) module) to `1G` in tidb-server, edit the configuration as follows:
```
